Set10 Class 5. JavaScript Object Presentation And String Methods Presentation

OBJECTIVES
1. JavaScript Object Presentation


Group A.
15 questions for the libraryAPI:

Access and print on the console the title of the first book in the books array.

Access and print on the console the name of the author of "To Kill a Mockingbird".

Access and print on the console the nationality of the author of the book "1984".

Access and print on the console the genres of "To Kill a Mockingbird".

Access and print on the console the rating given by John Doe for "To Kill a Mockingbird".

Access and print on the console the comment made by Jane Smith on "To Kill a Mockingbird".

Access and print on the console the title of the second book in the books array.

Access and print on the console the genres of the book "1984".

Access and print on the console the reviewer of the first review of "1984".

Access and print on the console the comment of the first review of "1984".

Access and print on the console the nationality of Harper Lee.

Access and print on the console the name of the second reviewer of "To Kill a Mockingbird".

Access and print on the console the genres of the first book in the books array.

Access and print on the console the name of the author of "1984".

Access and print on the console the rating given by Alice Brown for "1984".


Group B
15 questions based on the movieAPI:
Access and print on the console the title of the first movie in the movies array.

Access and print on the console all the genres of "Inception".

Access and print on the console the role of Leonardo DiCaprio in "Inception".

Access and print on the console the title of the second movie in the movies array.

Access and print on the console the name of the actor who played Arthur in "Inception".

Access and print on the console the second genre of "The Matrix".

Access and print on the console the name of the actor who played Neo in "The Matrix".

Access and print on the console the name of the second actor in the cast of "The Matrix".

Access and print on the console the role of Laurence Fishburne in "The Matrix".

Access and print on the console all the genres of the movie "Inception".

Access and print on the console the name of the first actor in the cast of "The Matrix".

Access and print on the console the role of Joseph Gordon-Levitt in "Inception".

Access and print on the console the title of the movie where the character Morpheus appears.

Access and print on the console all the cast members of "The Matrix".

Access and print on the console the name of the character played by Keanu Reeves in "The Matrix".


Group C
15 questions based on the restaurantAPI:

Access and print on the console the name of the first restaurant in the restaurants array.

Access and print on the console the cuisine type of "The Gourmet Kitchen".

Access and print on the console all the ingredients of the dish "Spaghetti Carbonara".

Access and print on the console the price of "Margherita Pizza".

Access and print on the console the name of the second dish in the menu of "The Gourmet Kitchen".

Access and print on the console the price of "California Roll".

Access and print on the console all the ingredients of the dish "Tempura Udon".

Access and print on the console the name of the first dish in the menu of "Sushi World".

Access and print on the console the cuisine type of the second restaurant in the restaurants array.

Access and print on the console the price of "Tempura Udon".

Access and print on the console all the dishes in the menu of "The Gourmet Kitchen".

Access and print on the console the name of the dish with the price 8.99.

Access and print on the console the first ingredient of "California Roll".

Access and print on the console the name of the restaurant that serves "Margherita Pizza".

Access and print on the console the second ingredient of "Tempura Udon".


Group D
15 questions based on the travelAPI:

Access and print on the console the name of the first location in the destinations array.

Access and print on the console all popular attractions in Paris.

Access and print on the console the duration of the "Romantic Getaway" tour in Paris.

Access and print on the console the price of the "City Highlights" tour.

Access and print on the console the name of the first tour in the tours array of Tokyo.

Access and print on the console all popular attractions in Tokyo.

Access and print on the console the price of the "Cultural Experience" tour in Tokyo.

Access and print on the console the duration of the "Food Adventure" tour in Tokyo.

Access and print on the console the name of the second location in the destinations array.

Access and print on the console the duration of the "City Highlights" tour.

Access and print on the console the name of the tour that costs 600.

Access and print on the console all tours available in Paris.

Access and print on the console the popular attraction listed second for Tokyo.

Access and print on the console the price of the "Romantic Getaway" tour.

Access and print on the console the name of the tour with a duration of "4 days" in Tokyo.

Group E
15 questions based on the musicAPI:

1. Access and print on the console the title of the first album in the albums array.

2. Access and print on the console the name of the artist of the album "Thriller".

3. Access and print on the console the nationality of the artist of the album "Superstar".

4. Access and print on the console all genres of the album "Thriller".

5. Access and print on the console the duration of the track "Beat It".

6. Access and print on the console the name of the artist of the album "Superstar".

7. Access and print on the console the title of the second album in the albums array.

8. Access and print on the console the genres of the album "Superstar".

9. Access and print on the console the name of the first track in the album "Thriller".

10. Access and print on the console the duration of the track "Pakurumo".

11. Access and print on the console the second genre of the album "Thriller".

12. Access and print on the console the nationality of Michael Jackson.

13. Access and print on the console the name of the second track in the album "Superstar".

14. Access and print on the console the duration of the track "Billie Jean".

15. Access and print on the console all tracks of the album "Superstar".


STRING METHODS PRESENTATION QUESTIONS