Set10 Second Class 2

• CLASS OBJECTIVES
1. Command Prompt = [Creating Folders, Deleting Folders, Creating Files, Deleting Files, Navigating Through Folders, Opening Vscode, Crashing terminals, Starting terminals], [New-Item, Remove-Item, touch, rm]
2. Naming Conventions in Javascript 
3. Naming Conventions with var
4. Naming Conventions with let
5. Naming Conventions with const
6. Keywords in Javascript
7. Non-Primitive Datatypes = [Object, Arrays]


• ASSIGNMENT
1. Create an object named school with the following properties:

name: A string representing the name of the school.
address: A string representing the address of the school.
yearEstablished: A number representing the year the school was established.
Add a nested object named principal to the school object. The principal object should have the following properties:

name: A string representing the principal's name.
office: An object representing the principal's office.
Inside the office object, add the following properties:

roomNumber: A number representing the room number of the office.
building: An object representing the building where the office is located.
Inside the building object, add the following properties:

name: A string representing the name of the building.
facilities: An object representing the facilities available in the building.
Inside the facilities object, add the following properties:

library: An object representing the library in the building.
Inside the library object, add the following properties:

name: A string representing the name of the library.
hours: An object representing the operating hours of the library.
Inside the hours object, add the following properties:

opening: A string representing the opening time of the library.
closing: A string representing the closing time of the library.

2.  A. Print the entire school object to the console.

    B. Access and print the name property of the school object using bracket  notation.

    C. Access and print the address property of the school object using bracket notation.

    D. Access and print the yearEstablished property of the school object using dot notation.

    E. Access and print the name property of the principal object using  dot notation.

    F. Access and print the roomNumber property of the office object    using dot notation.

    G. Access and print the name property of the building object using dot notation.

    H. Access and print the name property of the library object using dot notation.

    I. Access and print the opening property of the hours object using dot notation.

2. Create an Array

    Create an array of 10 of your favorite Fruits.
    Add an object inside the array with (favouriteArtiste and FavouriteSong)
    Access and print the first fruit in the array.
    Access and print the third fruit in the array.
    Access and print the eighth fruit in the array.
    Access and print the last fruit in the array.
    Access and print the last favouriteArtiste in the array.
    Access and print the last FavouriteSong in the array.


4. Keywords

    Create an account on meduium.com
    Prepare a simple article on 20 Javascript Keywords and their Uses or Meaning.
